Add qradar docs (#430)
crowdsecurity/crowdsec-docs: crowdsec-docs/docs/cti_api/integration_qradar.md

---
id: integration_qradar
title: QRadar App
sidebar_position: 2
---

#  CrowdSec Qradar - Quick Access App

This QRadar App leverages CrowdSec's CTI’s smoke endpoint to get information about IP as seen by CrowdSec's network. This is enabled via a right click on IP GUI action. The information is presented with a summary of the IP's known behaviors, a link to CrowdSec's console and the possibility to copy the raw json response for further processing within Qradar. The information includes:

1. Types of attacks the IP has been observed performing.

> 2. Background Noise Score. This can be used to know whether the particular IP is only targeting your infrastructure or is targeting others too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Background Noise Score. Background Noise (BN), also known as “Internet Background Radiation” define automatic and mild attacks that are perpetrated at a large scale, without a specific target.
```

3. Aggressivity which quantifies frequency of attacks.
4. Other fields like Geolocation details, AS details, sighting details etc

## Configuration

> We need to provide the App, CrowdSec CTI API Key. You can find the instructions to obtain it [here](https://docs.crowdsec.net/docs/next/cti_api/getting_started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup the App in two easy steps
1. Generate your Crowdsec CTI API Key in CrowdSec's console. You can find the instructions to obtain it [here](https://docs.crowdsec.net/docs/next/cti_api/getting_started)
2. Put the API Key in the App as demonstrated below
```
